[docs] update kubectl exec commands to use binary names directly (#4818)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/deploy/kubernetes/single-zone/aks/statefulset-yaml.md

> You can connect to the YCQL API by running the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the YCQL shell (`ycqlsh`), run the following command:
```
